README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://owo.whats-th.is/b120fb.png"></p>

# eZProtector [![Build Status](https://github.com/DoNotSpamPls/eZProtector/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/DoNotSpamPls/eZProtector/actions) [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/390942438061113344.svg)](https://discord.gg/UGhVcBB)

eZProtector is an advanced server protection plugin, made with simplicity and speed in mind. It has many useful features, such as changing the plugin list to a custom one, blocking many mods which give an advantage and more! If you'd like to download it, you can do so [here](https://papermc.io/forums/t/1-12-2-1-14-x-ezprotector/1361)

If you'd like to get more information on how the plugin works, you can read the [wiki](https://github.com/DoNotSpamPls/eZProtector/wiki)

## Building

#### Requirements
* Java 8 JDK or newer
* Maven 3.x
* Git

#### Compiling from source
```sh
git clone https://github.com/DoNotSpamPls/eZProtector.git
cd eZProtector/
mvn clean package
```

You can find the output jars in the `target` directories of the modules.

## License
eZProtector is licensed under the GPLv3 license. Please see [`LICENSE`](https://github.com/DoNotSpamPls/eZProtector/blob/master/LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

eZProtector is no longer maintained

README.md, after:

# eZProtector is no longer maintained

Unfortunately, I have found less and less time and motivation to maintain eZProtector. This has resulted in updates being few and far between, with no information as to what the compatibility with latest Minecraft versions is like. Because of this, I have made the tough decision to abandon the maintenance of the plugin.

Thanks for using eZProtector over the years! I hope it has served you well. 🙂

[If you think you have the skills required to maintain this plugin, feel free to contact me on Discord (DoNotSpamPls#8787) or over [email](mailto:hello@dnsp.dev).]

------
<p align="center"><img src="https://owo.whats-th.is/b120fb.png"></p>

# eZProtector [![Build Status](https://github.com/DoNotSpamPls/eZProtector/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/DoNotSpamPls/eZProtector/actions) [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/390942438061113344.svg)](https://discord.gg/UGhVcBB)

eZProtector is an advanced server protection plugin, made with simplicity and speed in mind. It has many useful features, such as changing the plugin list to a custom one, blocking many mods which give an advantage and more! If you'd like to download it, you can do so [here](https://papermc.io/forums/t/1-12-2-1-14-x-ezprotector/1361)

If you'd like to get more information on how the plugin works, you can read the [wiki](https://github.com/DoNotSpamPls/eZProtector/wiki)

## Building

#### Requirements
* Java 8 JDK or newer
* Maven 3.x
* Git

#### Compiling from source
```sh
git clone https://github.com/DoNotSpamPls/eZProtector.git
cd eZProtector/
mvn clean package
```

You can find the output jars in the `target` directories of the modules.

## License
eZProtector is licensed under the GPLv3 license. Please see [`LICENSE`](https://github.com/DoNotSpamPls/eZProtector/blob/master/LICENSE) for more information.
